fix(tutorial): correct proxy protol tuto (#2843)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/proxy-protocol-v2-load-balancer/index.mdx

content:
  h1: Using Proxy Protocol v2 with your Load Balancer
  paragraph: Proxy Protocol allows you to identify the client's IP address on load-balanced infrastructures. This tutorial shows you how to configure your Load Balancer and backend servers for Proxy Protocol v2.
tags: compute Proxy-Protocol IP Load-Balancer 
categories:
  - network
  - load-balancer
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-04
  posted: 2019-06-28
---

[Proxy Protocol](https://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt) allows a backend application, like an Apache or Nginx web server, to retrieve client connection information that has passed through a load-balanced infrastructure. The protocol transports connection information including the originating IP address, the proxy server IP address, and both ports.

This tutorial shows you how and why to enable Proxy Protocol on your Scaleway Load Balancer, and how to configure your backend server application to correctly handle the protocol.

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)

>   - You have [configured your SSH key](/console/project/how-to/create-ssh-key)

Author: Well spotted, thanks!

            listen 80   proxy_protocol;

            set_real_ip_from {LB_IP};
            real_ip_header proxy_protocol;

            #...
          }
        access_log /var/log/nginx/access.log logs;

>       }

Reviewer: There are two more spaces than needed, closing brace should be aligned with the `h` from `http` on line 131

>       Once ProxyProtocol is enabled the Nginx virtual host will no longer accept direct connections.

Author: ```suggestion
      Once Proxy Protocol is enabled the Nginx virtual host will no longer accept direct connections. See the [NGINX Proxy Protocol documentation](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/using-proxy-protocol/) for full details.
```
